1. Equity
AOC
Initial incorporators are Patrice-Morgan Ongoly
Nelson Webster

with Vaibhav Ponnuri listed as a candidate for Director

initial stock shares available 10million at $0.01 a share
for a valuation of $100,000 pre-investment

Webster's shares have been bought outright and he is no longer a Director given his separation from the company for a year dating Sunday, June 28, 2019.

My aunt has formed a holding company "Goma Development Group" herein referred to as GDG to buy out the outstanding portion of 5% of [] stock herein referred to as COMMON STOCK A. This refers to stock offered to other individual investors. Institutional investors will potentially ask for preferred stock options which have a non-variable rate or other parrticular requirements that differentiate them from common stock shares. These will be dealt with as necessary on a case by case basis. Employees and other early sub contractors will be offered options to purchase COMMON STOCK B shares on a vesting schedule as payment for their work.

Technology Assignment Agreements will be signed by any technolgy developed outside of the company and brought in. This allows owners to retain certain indivdual IP rights or cash out (or purchase equity via COMMON STOCK B). Liquidated assets or purchased components do not have to be compensated (the original purchase is enough).

Invention Assignment Agreements will be signed by employees tht complete product, research, data, technology, and sales assignments. These will also include the original non-disclosure agreement (NDA) used since our incorporation one March 12, 2018.

By Laws
Need to be explicitly formulated regarding the overall mission of the organization; the vision of its founders; how it should operate with repsect to its duty to the public as a benefit, for-profit stock corporation.

Operating Agreement
Executive Roles and Responsibilities
Financial obligations vis a vis equity

2. Employee Compensation
Employee Contracts
Terms of employment--> compensation, grounds for termination, benefits (health, legal, social, etc.)
Reporting structure
IP ownership of work
Expectations
Required commitments
Share vesting
Company policies


Shareholder Agreements
Employees are B-Class shareholders
Outside sub contractors are C-Class shareholders
(there are no A-Class shareholders, i.e. those are just founders and by def are not shareholders)


3. Financial timeline/hiring timeline
Vesting cliff is set to six years so the vesting schedule spans four 18-month technology cycles. Jumping 5% each period, your stock sharesjump to 10% then 15% then 20% at the cliff.
Leaving 60% for myself to give off to other individual and institutional investors


------- July 2019 ----
bbva trip goal
exposure
secure funding of 150k to match Aeki's 150k
------- October 2019 ----
Enter in Y Combinator
------- March 2020 -----
Secure Y Combinator base funding in Mountain View of 150k close out seed round at $500,000 with another $50k from investors in the Y Combinator Startup Demo 
------- April 2020 -----
Expand pARk to entire DMV starting on key sponsored locations including
Federal or federal-adjacent institutions like the Smithsonian Institution, Washington Monument, Raytheon, Capitol, Boeing, Pentagon etc.
Private retail or entertainment venues like

Dining/Family leisure locations like

------- July 2020 -----

4. "Big decision" decision table
Attempted investments exceeding a common stock equity value of 5% requires a board meeting and discussion with a vote on the decision to be made
Legal actions involving the corporations intellectual property
Where to place the "Houses"

5. Updates